I like my primary school because all the
teachers are friendly and I've got lots
of friends at school all right that's
good because the teachers aren't good
and the teacher a lot but it's forming
the teacher and there are friendly and
they have lots of friends I just love my
primary school because I love all the
teachers in it and I have loads of
friends and other things that we do
inside Kenan burrows is a large primary
school with two form entry and the
children have a lot of opportunities for
sports music and the arts and our
children thrive on all the different
things that they're entitled to do here
I like my cottage because she is really
good in the keyboard and we can sing to
the keyboard and she's really good at
sign language the name of the song is
Christmas off of that and I like it
because of all the sign language in it
it's all about sign language to me and
then the way it spells out for other
people
the Clio is really varied at the end of
a long hard day it's the most exciting
way to spend now the children are so
vibrant as so anything is yesterday they
pick up songs really quickly and always
perform it as best they can
if we won the competition it would
really be good because we've been
working so hard and trying so it would
be really good for us